Where on earth
did my precious little fox go?
I can't reach her all day.
Seung-jun!
That startled me.
What's wrong with that bastard?
Chief An? It's me.
Can you come to my husband's
hospital room right now?
I'm quite busy at the moment.
Can't we just talk over the phone?
I'm asking you to come here
because it's not something
I can tell you over the phone.
Ma'am.
I'm carrying out an important task
with our country's honor on the line.
I've got to go.
Chief An!
How rude…
Nam planted his man right under your nose.
How come you don't have
anyone loyal to you?
Loyal to me?
Do you know agent Jang Han-na?
She told me
that Nam Tae-il's the one who shot you.
How about we use her?
Jang Han-na…
God damn it.
Come on. Pick up the phone!
Cheong-ya, get out of there!
An Gyeong-hui's going up to get you!
Search thoroughly.
Kang Cheong-ya!
Damn it. Why is it so narrow?
Look at this.
CHOI MI-HYE
Cheong-ya, get in!
Hurry up!
What are you waiting for? Get in! Now!